Getting started document using ostream exporter (#1394)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-cpp: examples/metrics_simple/README.md

std::unique_ptr<metric_sdk::MeterSelector> meter_selector{
    new metric_sdk::MeterSelector(name, version, schema)};
std::unique_ptr<metric_sdk::View> sum_view{
    new metric_sdk::View{name, "description", metric_sdk::AggregationType::kSum}};
p->AddView(std::move(instrument_selector), std::move(meter_selector), std::move(sum_view));
```

4: Then create a
[Counter](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/metrics/api.md#counter)
instrument from it. Every Meter pointer returned by the
MeterProvider points to the same Meter. This means that the Meter will be able
to combine metrics captured from different functions without having to
constantly pass the Meter around the library.

```cpp
nostd::shared_ptr<metrics_api::Meter> meter = provider->GetMeter(name, "1.2.0");
auto double_counter = meter->CreateDoubleCounter(counter_name);
// Create a label set which annotates metric values
std::map<std::string, std::string> labels = {{"key", "value"}};
auto labelkv = common::KeyValueIterableView<decltype(labels)>{labels};
double_counter->Add(val, labelkv);
```

> 5: To use hitogram instrumet, a view with proper `InstrumentType` and `AggregationType`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5: To use histogram instrument, a view with proper `InstrumentType` and `AggregationType`
```
